Rephrase handover automation mention of workflows (#30775)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_management/on-call/automations.md

Automations allow you to trigger actions based on events in On-Call. There are two types:
- **Handover automations**: Triggered automatically when an on-call shift changes.

> - **[Workflow automations][1]**: A low-code/no-code solution that can include on-call actions (such as paging, or updating schedules) within automated workflows. For all On-Call related actions, see [here][5].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[Workflow automations][1]**: A low-code/no-code solution that can include on-call actions (such as paging or updating schedules) within automated workflows. For all on-call related actions, see the [Actions Catalog][5].
```

Reviewer: I recognize that casing for `on-call` is somewhat inconsistent on this page, but it's mostly _not_ capitalized. If the intention is to refer to Datadog's on-call offering as a whole, I would suggest updating the second `On-Call`  to `Datadog On-Call` for clarity.
